Add Migration docs (#40)
wso2/docs-mg: en/docs/install-and-setup/migrating-from-previous-versions.md

# Migrating from Previous Versions

Microgateway consists of main two distributions.

> - Microgateway Toolkit : Used to build the Microgateway project and generate the Microgateway executable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Microgateway Toolkit : Used to build the Microgateway project and generate the Microgateway runtime artifacts.
```

> - Microgateway Runtime : Run the Microgateway executable built with the toolkit applying the requried configurations.

Reviewer 2: * requried
```suggestion
- Microgateway Runtime : Run the Microgateway executable built with the toolkit applying the required configurations.
```

> Each Microgateway version has it's own toolkit and runtime. And the Migrogateway executable which is built from specific toolkit version is specific only to that Microgateway version.

Reviewer 2: *it's *specific
```suggestion
Each Microgateway version has its own toolkit and runtime. And the Migrogateway executable which is built from a specific toolkit version is specific only to that Microgateway version.
```

> If you want to use the same Microgateway (built from a older Microgateway toolkit version) with Microgateway 3.2.0, follow the steps below.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you want to use the same Microgateway project (built from an older Microgateway toolkit version) with Microgateway 3.2.0, follow the steps below.
```

1. Build the initial Microgateway Project by using the Microgateway Toolkit 3.2.0.
2. Copy the configuration from `<OLD_MGW_RUNTIME_HOME>/conf/micro-gw.conf` and apply them in `<MGW_3.2.0_RUNTIME_HOME>/conf/micro-gw.conf` file. Refer to the [micro-gw.conf](/reference/configurations/micro-gw.conf/) and do any changes to the old configurations.

> 3. If you use API Manager along with Microgateway for key validation, throttling etc, follow the [Configuration for WSO2 API Manager](/install-and-setup/configuration-for-wso2-api-manager/) document and do the relevant configuration in Microgateway 3.2.0 runtime.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. If you use API Manager along with Microgateway for key validation, throttling, etc, follow the [Configuration for WSO2 API Manager](/install-and-setup/configuration-for-wso2-api-manager/) document and do the relevant configuration in Microgateway 3.2.0 runtime.
```

> 2. Copy the configuration from {OLD_MGW_RUNTIME_HOME}/conf/micro-gw.conf and apply them in {MGW_3.2.0_RUNTIME_HOME}/conf/micro-gw.conf file. Refer to the [micro-gw.conf]({{base_url}}/../reference/configurations/micro-gw.conf/) and do any changes to the old configurations.
> 3. If you use API Manager along with Microgateway for key validation, throttling etc, follow the [Configuration for WSO2 API Manager]({{base_url}}/../install-and-setup/configuration-for-wso2-api-manager/) document and do the relevent configuration in Microgateway 3.2.0 runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Copy the configuration from `<OLD_MGW_RUNTIME_HOME>/conf/micro-gw.conf` and apply them in `<MGW_3.2.0_RUNTIME_HOME>/conf/micro-gw.conf` file. Refer to the [micro-gw.conf](/reference/configurations/micro-gw.conf/) and do any changes to the old configurations.
3. If you use API Manager along with Microgateway for key validation, throttling etc, follow the [Configuration for WSO2 API Manager](/install-and-setup/configuration-for-wso2-api-manager/) document and do the relevant configuration in Microgateway 3.2.0 runtime.
```

    !!! note

>         If you have implemented any custom ballerina extensions for Microgateway previously, you will have to re-write them with the ballerina version 1.2.7.

Reviewer 2: shall we add the link to ballerina API docs?

Author: Added in https://github.com/wso2/docs-mg/pull/40/commits/438a39caee3bb53961579af42bdbf584b136914b

>         If you have implemented any custom ballerina extensions for Microgateway, you will have to re-write them with the latest ballerina version.

Reviewer 3: Lets mention the new ballerina version which is compatible

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/wso2/docs-mg/pull/40/commits/b28a92a0c430d10e2d6f1abcaa9444374d0fa998
